python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23lo_syst3pc_no_exp1000.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23lo_syst3pc_no_exp100.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23lo_syst3pc_no_exp10.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23lo_syst3pc_no_exp1250.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23lo_syst3pc_no_exp1500.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23lo_syst3pc_no_exp1.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23lo_syst3pc_no_exp200.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23lo_syst3pc_no_exp28.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23lo_syst3pc_no_exp300.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23lo_syst3pc_no_exp400.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23lo_syst3pc_no_exp50.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23lo_syst3pc_no_exp556.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23lo_syst3pc_no_exp5.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23lo_syst3pc_no_exp600.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23lo_syst3pc_no_exp800.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23lo_syst3pc_no_exp984.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23hi_syst3pc_no_exp1000.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23hi_syst3pc_no_exp100.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23hi_syst3pc_no_exp10.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23hi_syst3pc_no_exp1250.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23hi_syst3pc_no_exp1500.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23hi_syst3pc_no_exp1.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23hi_syst3pc_no_exp200.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23hi_syst3pc_no_exp28.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23hi_syst3pc_no_exp300.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23hi_syst3pc_no_exp400.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23hi_syst3pc_no_exp50.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23hi_syst3pc_no_exp556.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23hi_syst3pc_no_exp5.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23hi_syst3pc_no_exp600.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23hi_syst3pc_no_exp800.dat
python get_sensitivities.py data/optimized_long_q23hi_syst3pc_no_exp984.dat
